Upgradeability documentation improvements (#314)
ava-labs/teleporter: README.md

- [E2E tests](#e2e-tests)
  - [Run specific E2E tests](#run-specific-e2e-tests)
  - [Run the E2E tests on another network](#run-the-e2e-tests-on-another-network)
- [Upgradeability](#upgradeability)

> - [Deploy Teleporter to a subnet's chain](#deploy-teleporter-to-a-subnets-chain)
> - [Deploy TeleporterRegistry to a subnet's chain](#deploy-teleporterregistry-to-a-subnets-chain)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Deploy TeleporterMessenger to a Subnet](#deploy-teleporter-to-a-subnets-chain)
- [Deploy TeleporterRegistry to a Subnet](#deploy-teleporterregistry-to-a-subnets-chain)
```

Nit: "Subnet" should be treated as a proper noun and capitalized anywhere it's used in sentences to keep consistent with our broader documentation.

Author: does it matter to specify "blockchain" instead of "Subnet?

Reviewer: For the sake of the section titles here, I don't think so personally, but I do appreciate the the precision between the two normally haha

The user wallet set in `.env` must have native tokens for each of the subnets used in order for the test flows to be able to send transactions on those networks.

## Upgradeability

The Teleporter contract is non-upgradeable and can not be changed once it is deployed. This provides immutability to the contracts, and ensures that the contract's behavior at each address is unchanging. However, to allow for new features and potential bug fixes, new versions of the Teleporter contract can be deployed to different addresses. The [TeleporterRegistry](./contracts/src/Teleporter/TeleporterRegistry.sol) is used to keep track of the deployed versions of Teleporter, and to provide a standard interface for dApps to interact with the different Teleporter versions.

> `TeleporterRegistry` **is not mandatory** for dApps built on top of Teleporter, but is recommended in order to get the latest changes of the Teleporter protocol incorporated to the dApp. There should be a single canonical `TeleporterRegistry` for each subnet chain, and unlike the Teleporter contract, the registry does not need to be deployed to the same address on every chain. This means the registry does not need a Nick's method deployment, and can be at different contract addresses on different chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TeleporterRegistry` **is not mandatory** for dApps built on top of Teleporter, but it is recommended for dApps to leverage to ensure they use the latest Teleporter version available. It is recommended for there to be a canonical `TeleporterRegistry` instance for each Subnet chain, and unlike the Teleporter contract, the registry does not need to be deployed to the same address on every chain. This means the registry does not need a Nick's method deployment, and can be at different contract addresses on different chains.
```

`deploy_teleporter.sh` will send the necessary native tokens to the deployer address if it is provided with a private key for an account with sufficient funds. Alternatively, the deployer address can be funded externally. The deployer address for each version can be found by looking up the appropriate version at https://github.com/ava-labs/teleporter/releases and downloading `TeleporterMessenger_Deployer_Address_<VERSION>.txt`.

> ## Upgradeability

Reviewer: Lets include something in the "Deploy Teleporter to a Subnet" section about deploying a registry contract if one doesn't already exist on the chain.

From the perspective of a dev trying to get something set up, I mostly just want to know what commands I need to run first, with needing to read as little as possible.

Author: Moved the deployment step from `upgrades/README` to the main readme under "Deploy TeleporterRegistry to a subnet's chain". For now using `forge create`, still looking at how to do in a script with bytecode.

`deploy_teleporter.sh` will send the necessary native tokens to the deployer address if it is provided with a private key for an account with sufficient funds. Alternatively, the deployer address can be funded externally. The deployer address for each version can be found by looking up the appropriate version at https://github.com/ava-labs/teleporter/releases and downloading `TeleporterMessenger_Deployer_Address_<VERSION>.txt`.

## Deploy TeleporterRegistry to a subnet's chain

> There should only be one canonical `TeleporterRegistry` deployed for each chain, but if one does not exist, it is recommended to deploy the registry so Teleporter dApps can get the latest changes of the Teleporter protocol. Since the registry does not need to be deployed to the same address on every chain, it does not need a Nick's method deployment, and can be deployed using `forge create` from the root of the repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There should only be one canonical `TeleporterRegistry` deployed for each chain, but if one does not exist, it is recommended to deploy the registry so Teleporter dApps can always use the most recent Teleporter version available. Since the registry does not need to be deployed to the same address on every chain, it does not need a Nick's method deployment, and can be deployed using `forge create` from the root of the repo:
```

Nit: dApps don't technically "get" the changes of the Teleporter versions rather than just use the latest versions.

Author: updated "dapp"s to "dApp"
